Add a blog post introducing the new Stately docs (#115)
statelyai/blog: content/posts/2023-01-19-introducing-the-stately-docs.mdx

---
title: "Introducing the Stately docs"
description: >-
  The time has finally come; our new docs are ready to share with you all. If you’ve been following our office hours, you know I’ve been talking about these docs for a long time…
tags:
  - studio
  - xstate
  - docs
  - search
  - light mode and dark mode
  - contribute
author:
  - Laura Kalbag
ogImage: "https://stately.ai/blog/2023-01-19-introducing-the-stately-docs.png"
publishedAt: "2023-01-19"
---

> The time has finally come; [our new docs](https://stately.ai/docs) are ready to share with you all. If you’ve been following our office hours, you know I’ve been talking about these docs for a long time. Thanks to Anders, who built us a rock solid easily-maintainable platform with search that actually works, and the whole team, who have contributed reviews, explainers, and examples to get these docs started.

Author: ```suggestion
The time has finally come; [our new docs](https://stately.ai/docs) are ready to share with you all. If you’ve been following our office hours, you know I’ve been talking about these docs for a long time. Thanks to Anders, who used [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io to build us a rock solid easily-maintainable platform with search that actually works, and the whole team, who have contributed reviews, explainers, and examples to get these docs started.
```
